this is God server
da gmod server just don't be a mighty
fine place to live and play kid now it's
overrun overrun by crime
punk-ass kids not going to school and
faggots as for me I work in the
Department of Justice I'm a Crime Dog I
work in the city I carry a badge
hey I can scruff McGruff back here I'm
gonna talk to you about what do you do
if there's a murderer running around on
the loose if he kids ha another murderer
like running around on the loose you
need to get up on a roof there kid well
you may get rekt like Andy here you
don't want to end up like any kid and
you definitely don't want to end up like
Effie's here that'd be a terrible
situation have to explain to your
parents
how you doing their mouth how much they
explain to David here what happens when
you don't report crime in the
neighborhood that was a terrible example
that's why you get shot
hey kids oz scruff McGruff here I'm here
to talk to you about crime fronts
bullying and parents beating you because
you're a faggot
what's up Nicole you want me to talk to
you a little bit about drugs kid okay
that's right here's a needle and it goes
to your blood like this and that's why
you don't do drugs
because uh you you may end up dead get
in the fucking buses are you doing there
Jodie good you want scruff McGruff to
talk to you about bullying yeah all
right if someone comes up to you and
they got a knife like this what do you
do if they're trying to intimidate you
within like I'm gonna stab you um
depends on who it is yeah someone may be
secretly coming up behind you like
Nicole Brown Simpson here and you gotta
go in tonight like what would you do if
someone did that to you well I would
keep my monster that's a good idea okay
how you doing Kim Jong Il let me talk to
you a little bit about going to school
what a fucking doing out of school don't
know go don't ignore scruff McGruff kid
see you ended up in an early grave close
that coffin on you again let's find
someone else to talk to about drugs in
Bal Yang and what the fuck ever else I
was talking
on the roof hey Eric let me talk to you
a little bit about drugs bullying and
going to school and crime your little
fucking pussy just suicide that's what
the jugs are for well looks like our
little segments coming to an end so you
know what that means kids full-on
violence
exactly face ah shit
you